hello friends today we are preparing
boy logo wonderful tuscan
salad which is popular in Italy in
summer time
feature of this salad are
crispy bread pieces you can
use as fresh baked bread
in the oven and stale bread
so what do we need today for us
need bread
different types of tomatoes red onion green
pepper and fresh basil
also we will need balsamic
vinegar and olive oil and so ciabatta
on overthrown so we tear it up on
small pieces of olive
butter and send in the oven literally on
a few minutes to dry before
under the salad was popular among the peasants
because the bread did not poke himself only one
once a week and sparapet needed
somehow recycle add small
amount of olive oil and ship
everything in the oven
so friends move on to summer
time no need to walk
supermarket for vegetables
we all bought on a little patch on
the local convenience store to you too as well
recommend doing you will
confidence that vegetables are fresh vegetables
Juicy cut Donat further we promise
tomatoes and leave them for a while
in order for them to give juice
we cut the club into thin half rings
pepper just strips and so later
a few minutes our bread is ready and us
left to mix all the vegetables
give your pepper to taste
good as olive oil beer
so here and literally a teaspoon
balsamic vinegar
large tenth grader we tear a crayons
leave for decoration
we just have to mix everything
so 10 minutes is literally 50
rubles and we are ready
you guys ca n't think up the word of honor
very good ciabatta pepper
hook
play bon appetit to everyone
awesome awesome
mask for today all dear friends
subscribe to the new troops you want
see more recipes like
dislike everyone good luck everyone bye
I can only really moo at all
nothing fast guys here is great
try enjoy this summer